docs(README): add list adapters section (#3219)
smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js: README.md

    ╚══ targets - adapters that write data to a location, often a blockchain.
```

## Adapters

> The [MASTERLIST.md](./MASTERLIST.md) file in the root directory contains the list of all the external adapters available in this repository, together with their version, type, level of support, and other helpful information. Check their linked README to learn more about them.

Reviewer: Do you mind to change this to 
```suggestion
The [MASTERLIST.md](./MASTERLIST.md) file in the root directory contains the list of all the external adapters available in this repository, together with their version, type, supported environment variables, endpoints and other helpful information. Check their linked README to learn more about them.
```
